{"Thor: Ragnarok": ["Two years after the battle of Sokovia, Thor is imprisoned by the fire demon Surtur, who reveals that Thor's father Odin is no longer on Asgard. He explains that the realm will soon be destroyed during the prophesied Ragnar\u00f6k, once Surtur unites his crown with the Eternal Flame that burns in Odin's vault. Thor frees himself, defeats Surtur and takes his crown, believing he has prevented Ragnar\u00f6k.", "Thor returns to Asgard to find Heimdall gone and his estranged brother Loki posing as Odin. After exposing Loki, Thor forces him to help find their father, and with directions from Stephen Strange at the Sanctum Sanctorum in New York City, they locate Odin in Norway. Odin explains that he is dying, Ragnar\u00f6k is imminent despite Thor's efforts to prevent it, and his passing will free his firstborn child, Hela, from a prison she was sealed in long ago. Hela was the leader of Asgard's armies, conquering the Nine Realms with Odin, but he imprisoned her and wrote her out of history after fearing that she had become too ambitious and powerful.", "Odin dies as Thor and Loki look on, and Hela appears, destroying Thor's hammer Mjolnir. She pursues the two as they attempt to flee through the Bifr\u00f6st Bridge, forcing them out into space. Arriving in Asgard, she defeats its army and kills the Warriors Three. She then resurrects the ancient dead who once fought with her, including her giant wolf Fenris, and appoints the Asgardian Skurge as her executioner. Hela plans to use the Bifr\u00f6st to expand Asgard's empire, but Heimdall sneaks in, takes the sword that controls the Bifrost, and begins hiding other Asgardians. Thor crash-lands on Sakaar, a garbage planet surrounded by wormholes.", "A slave trader designated Scrapper 142 subdues him with an obedience disk and sells him as a gladiator to Sakaar's ruler, the Grandmaster, with whom Loki has already ingratiated himself. Thor recognizes 142 as a Valkyrie, one of a legendary force of female warriors who were killed fighting Hela eons ago. Thor is forced to compete in the Grandmaster's Contest of Champions, facing his old friend Hulk. Summoning lightning, Thor gets the upper hand, but the Grandmaster sabotages the fight to ensure Hulk's victory. Still enslaved after the fight, Thor attempts to convince Hulk and 142 to help him save Asgard, but neither is willing.", "He soon manages to escape the palace and finds the Quinjet that brought the Hulk to Sakaar. Hulk follows Thor to the Quinjet, where a recording of Natasha Romanoff causes him to transform back into Bruce Banner for the first time since Sokovia. The Grandmaster orders 142 and Loki to find Thor and Hulk, but the pair come to blows and Loki forces her to relive the deaths of her Valkyrie companions at the hands of Hela. Deciding to help Thor, she takes Loki captive. Unwilling to be left behind, Loki provides the group with the means to steal one of the Grandmaster's ships. They then liberate the other gladiators who, incited by two aliens named Korg and Miek, stage a revolution. Loki again attempts to betray his brother, but Thor anticipates this and incapacitates him, leaving him behind where Korg, Miek, and the gladiators soon find him.", "Thor, Banner, and 142 escape through a wormhole to Asgard, where Hela's forces attack Heimdall and the remaining Asgardians in pursuit of the sword that controls the Bifr\u00f6st. Banner transforms into Hulk again, defeating Fenris, while Thor and 142 fight Hela and her warriors. Loki and the gladiators arrive to rescue the citizens, and a repentant Skurge sacrifices himself to enable their escape. Thor, facing Hela, loses his right eye and then has a vision of Odin that helps him realize only Ragnar\u00f6k can stop her. He sends Loki to retrieve Surtur's crown and place it in the Eternal Flame. Surtur is reborn and destroys Asgard, killing Hela as the refugees flee. Aboard the Grandmaster's spaceship, Thor, now king, reconciles with Loki and decides to take his people to Earth.", "In a mid-credits scene, they are intercepted by a large spacecraft. In a post-credits scene, the overthrown Grandmaster is confronted by his former subjects.", "Two years after the battle of Sokovia, Thor is imprisoned by the fire demon Surtur, who reveals that his father is no longer on Asgard.", "After discovering that his brother was pretending to be his father, and with the help of Stephen Strange at the Sanctum Sanctorum in New York City, they locate their father in Norway.", "She chases the two as they attempt to flee through the Bifrst Bridge, forcing them out into space.", "A slave trader named Scrapper 142 subdues him with a disk and sells him as a gladiator to the ruler of Sakaar, who has already ingratiated himself.", "After escaping the palace, he found the Quinjet that brought the Hulk to Sakaar.", "Hela's forces attack Heimdall and the rest of the Asgardians in pursuit of the sword that controls the Bifrst.", "In a post-credits scene, the overthrown Grandmaster is confronted by his former subjects.", "Two years after the battle of Sokovia, Thor is imprisoned by the fire demon, who reveals that his father is no longer on Asgard.", "After finding out that his brother was pretending to be his father, and with the help of Stephen Strange at the Sanctum Sanctorum in New York City, they locate their father in Norway.", "She chases the two as they attempt to flee through the Bifrst Bridge, forcing them out into space where she kills the Warriors.", "A slave trader named Scrapper 142 subdues him with a disk and sells him as a gladiator to the ruler of Sakaar, the Grandmaster, who has already ingratiated himself.", "After escaping the palace, he finds the Quinjet that brought him to Sakaar.", "Hela's forces attack Heimdall and the rest of the Asgardians in pursuit of the sword that controls the Bifrst, while Banner and 142 fight him.", "In a post-credits scene, they are confronted by their former subjects.", "Two years after the battle of Sokovia, Thor is imprisoned by the fire demon, who tells him that his father is no longer on Asgard.", "After discovering that his brother was pretending to be his father, and with the help of Stephen Strange at the Sanctum Sanctorum in New York City, they were able to locate their father in Norway.", "She chases the two as they attempt to flee through the Bifrst Bridge, forcing them out into space, where she kills the Warriors.", "A slave trader named Scrapper 142 subdues him with a disk and sells him as a gladiator to the ruler of Sakaar, the Grandmaster.", "After escaping the palace, he finds the Quinjet that brought the Hulk to Sakaar.", "Hela's forces attack Heimdall and the rest of the Asgardians in pursuit of the sword that controls the Bifrst, while Banner and 142 fight them.", "In a post-credits scene, the overthrown Grandmaster is confronted by his subjects.", "After the battle of Sokovia, Thor is imprisoned by the fire demon Surtur, who tells him that his father is no longer on Asgard.", "After discovering that his brother was pretending to be his father, and with the help of Stephen Strange at the Sanctum Sanctorum in New York City, they were able to locate their father.", "She chases the two as they attempt to flee through the Bifrst Bridge, forcing them out into space and defeating the Warriors.", "A slave trader named Scrapper 142 subdues him with a disk and sells him as a gladiator to the ruler of Sakaar.", "After escaping the palace, he finds the Quinjet that brought the Hulk to Sakaar, and a recording of the voice of Natasha Romanoff.", "Hela's forces attack Heimdall and the rest of the Asgardians in pursuit of the sword that controls the Bifrst, while Banner transforms into the Incredibles.", "In a post-credits scene, the Grandmaster is confronted by his former subjects."], "Star Wars: Episode III \u2013 Revenge of the Sith": ["Above Coruscant, Obi-Wan Kenobi and Anakin Skywalker lead a mission to rescue the kidnapped Supreme Chancellor Palpatine from the cyborg Separatist commander General Grievous. After infiltrating Grievous' flagship, Obi-Wan and Anakin battle the Sith Lord Count Dooku, whom Anakin overpowers and decapitates at Palpatine's urging. Grievous escapes the battle-torn ship, which the Jedi crash-land on Coruscant. There, Anakin reunites with his secret wife, Padm\u00e9 Amidala, who reveals that she is pregnant. While initially excited, Anakin soon begins to have visions of Padm\u00e9 dying in childbirth.", "Palpatine appoints Anakin to the Jedi Council as his personal representative. The Council, suspicious of Palpatine, approves the appointment but declines to grant Anakin the rank of Master and instead instructs him to spy on Palpatine, diminishing Anakin's faith in the Jedi. Meanwhile, on Utapau, Grievous relocates the Separatist leaders to the volcanic planet Mustafar. Obi-Wan travels to Utapau to confront Grievous and kills him, while Yoda travels to the Wookiee planet of Kashyyyk to defend it from a Separatist invasion.", "Palpatine tempts Anakin with his knowledge of the dark side of the Force, and offers to teach him the power to prevent Padm\u00e9's death. Anakin deduces that Palpatine is the Sith Lord behind the war and reports his treachery to Mace Windu, who confronts and subdues him. Desperate to save Padm\u00e9's life, Anakin severs Windu's hand before he can kill Palpatine, who sends Windu falling to his death with a blast of Force lightning. Anakin pledges himself to the Sith, and Palpatine knights him Darth Vader. Palpatine issues Order 66, which commands the clone troopers to kill their commanding Jedi generals across the galaxy, while Vader and a battalion of clone troopers kill the remaining Jedi in the Jedi Temple. Vader then travels to Mustafar to assassinate the Separatist leaders, while Palpatine declares himself Emperor before the Galactic Senate, transforming the Republic into the Galactic Empire, and denounces the Jedi as traitors.", "Having survived the chaos, Obi-Wan and Yoda return to Coruscant, where Obi-Wan learns of Anakin's turn to the dark side. Yoda instructs Obi-Wan to confront Vader while he faces Palpatine. Obi-Wan seeks out Padm\u00e9 to find out Vader's whereabouts and reveals his treachery. Padm\u00e9 then travels to Mustafar \u2013 with Obi-Wan stowing away on her ship \u2013 and pleads with Vader to abandon the dark side and leave with her, but he refuses. Seeing Obi-Wan aboard the ship, and thinking that they are conspiring to kill him, Vader uses the Force to strangle Padm\u00e9 to unconsciousness in a blind rage. Obi-Wan then engages Vader in a lightsaber duel that ends with Obi-Wan severing Vader's legs and left arm, leaving him at the bank of a lava flow where Vader is horribly burned. Obi-Wan retrieves Vader's lightsaber and leaves him for dead.", "On Coruscant, Yoda battles Palpatine until their duel reaches a stalemate. Realizing he cannot defeat Palpatine, Yoda flees with Senator Bail Organa and regroups with Obi-Wan and Padm\u00e9 on the planetoid Polis Massa. There, Padm\u00e9 gives birth to twins, whom she names Luke and Leia, and dies soon after, having lost her will to live but still believing there is good in Vader. Palpatine retrieves a barely-alive Vader and takes him to Coruscant, where his mutilated body is treated and covered in a black armored suit. When Vader asks if Padm\u00e9 is safe, Palpatine says that he killed her out of anger, and Vader screams in agony.", "Obi-Wan and Yoda plan to conceal the twins from the Sith and go into exile until the time is right to challenge the Empire. As Padm\u00e9's funeral takes place on her home world of Naboo, Palpatine and Vader supervise the construction of the Death Star. Bail takes Leia to Alderaan, where he and his wife adopt her, while Obi-Wan delivers Luke to his step-uncle and -aunt, Owen and Beru Lars, on Tatooine before going into exile to watch over the boy.", "The kidnapped Supreme Chancellor Palpatine was saved by Obi-Wan and Anakin.", "The Jedi Council is suspicious of Palpatine and disapproves of his appointment as Jedi Council representative.", "The dark side of the Force is offered to Anakin by Palpatine, who is willing to teach him how to stop Padm\u00e9's death.", "After surviving the chaos, Obi-Wan and Yoda return to Coruscant, where Obi-Wan learns of Anakin's turn to the dark side.", "Padm\u00e9 gives birth to twins on a planetoid.", "Padm\u00e9's funeral takes place in her home world of Naboo, where Vader and Palpatine supervise the construction of the Death Star.", "The kidnapped Supreme Chancellor Palpatine was rescued by Obi-Wan and Anakin.", "The Jedi Council is suspicious of Palpatine and disapproves of his appointment to the Jedi Council.", "The dark side of the Force is offered to Anakin by Palpatine, who is willing to teach him how to prevent Padm\u00e9's death.", "Obi-Wan learns of Anakin's turn to the dark side and is told to confront Vader.", "Padm\u00e9 gives birth to twins on the planetoid Polis Massa when she realized she couldn't defeat Palpatine.", "Padm\u00e9's funeral takes place in her home world of Naboo, while Vader and Palpatine supervise the construction of the Death Star.", "The Supreme Chancellor Palpatine was kidnapped by the Separatist commander General Grievous.", "The Jedi Council disapproves of Palpatine's appointment and instructs him to spy on them, diminishing his faith in the Jedi.", "The dark side of the Force is offered to Anakin by Palpatine, and he learns the power to stop Padm\u00e9's death.", "After surviving the chaos, Obi-Wan and Yoda return to Coruscant, where Obi-Wan learns of Anakin's turn to darkness.", "Padm\u00e9 gives birth to twins on the planetoid Polis Massa.", "Padm\u00e9's funeral takes place in her home world of Naboo, where Vader and Palpatine are working on the Death Star.", "The Supreme Chancellor Palpatine was kidnapped by the Separatist commander General Grievous, and Obi-Wan and Anakin were able to rescue her.", "The Jedi Council disapproves of Palpatine's appointment to the Jedi Council and instructs him to spy on them.", "The dark side of the Force is offered to Anakin by Palpatine and he learns the power to stop Padm\u00e9's death.", "After surviving the chaos, Obi-Wan and Yoda return to Coruscant, where Obi-Wan learns of the dark side.", "Padm\u00e9 gives birth to twins on the planetoid Polis Massa, when she realized she couldn't defeat Palpatine.", "Padm\u00e9's funeral takes place in her home world of Naboo, where Vader and Palpatine are building the Death Star."], "Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull": ["In 1957, Soviet KGB agents working under Irina Spalko kidnap Indiana Jones and his partner George \"Mac\" MicHale. The Soviets infiltrate a secret government warehouse, located in Nevada, labeled \"Hangar 51\", and force Jones to locate a mummified alien corpse from the Roswell UFO incident, which he was forced to work on 10 years earlier. Shortly after retrieving the corpse, Mac reveals he has become a double agent on the KGB\u2019s payroll. Jones unsuccessfully attempts to steal the body, and fights with Spalko's henchman Dovchenko, before escaping to a nearby model town right before an atomic bomb test. He takes shelter in a lead-lined refrigerator, and FBI agents eventually rescue, decontaminate, and interrogate him, suspecting him of working for the Soviets. Though eventually freed, Jones is put on an indefinite leave of absence from Marshall College, and dean Charles Stanforth resigns to spare Jones from being fired.", "Greaser Mutt Williams approaches Jones, notifying him that Jones\u2019 former colleague, Professor Harold Oxley, found a crystal skull in Peru, but has since been kidnapped along with Mutt's mother, Marion, who went after him. Jones tells Mutt of the legend of crystal skulls found in Akator, and Mutt gives Jones a letter from his mother, which contains a riddle from Oxley in an ancient language. Two Soviet agents attempt to capture them, but Jones and Mutt escape and, following the riddle's meaning, reach Peru. At the local psychiatric hospital, carvings on the walls and floor of Oxley's cell lead them to the grave of Francisco de Orellana, a Conquistador who searched for Akator. They find the skull at the grave, and Jones reasons that Oxley had returned it there. While the two are departing the tomb, Mac and the Soviets take them hostage and deliver them to the Soviet camp in the Amazon jungle. There, the pair find an addled Oxley and Marion, who is actually Marion Ravenwood, an old partner of Jones'; she reveals to Jones that Mutt is his son.", "Spalko believes the crystal skull belongs to an alien life form that holds great psychic power. Finding more skulls in Akator will grant the Soviet Union the ability to control the world via telepathy. Jones realizes that Oxley is attempting to communicate through automatic writing, and locates a route to Akator. The next day, while en route to the ancient city, Jones and his team fight their way out of the KGB's clutches, with Dovchenko being devoured by a swarm of army ants. Mac informs Jones he is a CIA double agent. After surviving three waterfalls in an amphibious vehicle, Jones and Oxley identify a skull-like rock formation that leads them to Akator, unaware that Mac had lied about being a CIA agent and has been dropping transceivers to allow the surviving Soviets to track them.", "Jones's team evades the city's guardians, gains access to the temple, and finds it filled with artifacts from many ancient civilizations. They realize the aliens are \"archaeologists\" studying the different cultures of Earth. They find and enter a chamber containing 13 crystal skeletons, one of which is missing its skull. When Spalko arrives and replaces the skull, the skeletons telepathically offer to give a reward to the group, using Oxley as a translator. She demands to simply know all the knowledge of the aliens; the aliens reanimate and transfer an overwhelming amount of knowledge into her mind, killing her. A portal to their dimension is activated, and Mac and all of the remaining Soviets are drawn in, while Jones and his team escape. As the city crumbles, a flying saucer rises from the ruins and departs for another dimension, and the waters of the Amazon flood the hollow left by its takeoff.", "The following year, Jones is reinstated at Marshall College as its associate dean, and marries Marion, with Oxley, who has regained his sanity, and Mutt as witnesses.", "In 1957, the Soviets kidnapped Indiana Jones and his partner, George \"Mac\" MicHale, and forced them to find a mummified alien corpse.", "Greaser Mutt Williams approaches Jones, notifying him that Jones' former colleague, Professor Harold Oxley, found a crystal skull, but has since been kidnapped by his mother.", "The Soviet Union will be able to control the world via telepathy if Spalko's crystal skull is found in Akator.", "The aliens are studying the different cultures of Earth and Jones's team found a chamber filled with 13 crystal skeletons.", "The following year, Jones is reinstated at Marshall College as its associate dean, and married two people, one of them being Oxley.", "In 1957, the Soviets kidnapped Indiana Jones and his partner George \"Mac\" MicHale and forced them to find a mummified alien corpse.", "Greaser Mutt Williams approaches Jones, notifying him that Jones' former colleague, Professor Harold Oxley, found a crystal skull in Peru, but has since been kidnapped by his mother.", "The Soviet Union will be able to control the world through telepathy if Spalko's crystal skull is found in Akator.", "The aliens are studying the different cultures of Earth, and Jones's team found a chamber filled with 13 crystal skeletons.", "The following year, Jones is reinstated at Marshall College as its associate dean, and married two other people.", "In 1957, the Soviets kidnapped Indiana Jones and his partner, George \"Mac\" MicHale, and forced them to locate a mummified alien corpse.", "Greaser Mutt Williams approaches Jones, notifying him that Jones' former colleague, Professor Harold Oxley, found a crystal skull in Peru, but has since been kidnapped along with his mother.", "The Soviet Union will be able to control the world via telepathy if Spalko is correct that the crystal skull is an alien life form.", "The aliens are studying the different cultures of Earth and Jones's team found 13 crystal skeletons in the temple.", "The following year, Jones is reinstated at Marshall College as its associate dean, and married two people.", "In 1957, Soviet KGB agents kidnapped Indiana Jones and his partner George \"Mac\" MicHale and forced them to find a mummified alien corpse.", "Greaser Mutt Williams approaches Jones, notifying him that Jones' former colleague, Professor Harold Oxley, found a crystal skull in Arequipa, but has since been kidnapped by his mother.", "The Soviet Union will be able to control the world via telepathy if Spalko's crystal skull is found.", "The aliens are studying the different cultures of Earth, and Jones's team found 13 crystal skeletons in the temple.", "The following year, Jones is reinstated at Marshall College as its associate dean, and married two people, one of whom is Oxley."], "Skyfall": ["In Istanbul, MI6 agents James Bond and Eve Moneypenny pursue mercenary Patrice, who has stolen a hard drive containing details of undercover agents. As Bond and Patrice fight atop a moving train, M orders Moneypenny to shoot Patrice, despite not having a clear shot; Moneypenny inadvertently hits Bond, who falls into a river. Bond is presumed dead and Patrice escapes with the hard drive.", "Three months later, due to a public inquiry into M's handling of the stolen hard drive, she is pressured to retire by Gareth Mallory, the chairman of the Intelligence and Security Committee of Parliament and a former SAS officer. Although she claims she is still useful, MI6's servers are hacked, and M receives a taunting computer message moments before the MI6 building explodes. Bond, who used his presumed death to retire, learns of the attack and returns to service in London. He fails a series of physical, medical, and psychological examinations, but M approves his return to the field, ordering him to identify Patrice's employer, recover the hard drive, and kill Patrice. He meets Q, MI6's new quartermaster, who gives him a radio beacon and a Walther PPK pistol.", "In Shanghai, Bond follows Patrice but is unable to prevent him killing a target. The two fight and Patrice falls to his death before Bond can learn his employer's identity. Moneypenny joins Bond in his investigation on orders from Mallory. Bond finds a casino token Patrice intended to cash in for the assassination, leading him to a casino in Macau. There, Bond is approached by S\u00e9v\u00e9rine, Patrice's accomplice. Recognising her tattoo, he concludes she was a sex slave \"rescued\" by a criminal who now employs her, a man Bond wishes to meet. She warns him he is targeted by her bodyguards, but promises to help if Bond kills her employer. Bond thwarts the attack and joins S\u00e9v\u00e9rine on her yacht, the Chimera. They travel to an abandoned island off the coast of Macau, where the crew captures and delivers them to S\u00e9v\u00e9rine's employer, Raoul Silva. Once an MI6 agent, Silva turned to cyberterrorism and orchestrated the attack on MI6. Silva kills S\u00e9v\u00e9rine, but Bond alerts MI6 reinforcements who capture Silva for rendition to Britain.", "At MI6's new underground headquarters, Q attempts to decrypt Silva's laptop, but inadvertently gives it access to the MI6 servers, allowing Silva to escape. Q concludes Silva wanted to be captured as part of a plan to kill M, whom he hates for disavowing and betraying him to the Chinese government in 1997, leaving him to be tortured and disfigured by a suicide attempt by cyanide pill. Silva escapes his cell and Bond chases him through the London Underground and thwarts Silva's attack at a Parliament inquiry where M is present.", "Instructing Q and Bill Tanner to leave an electronic trail for Silva to follow, Bond uses his Aston Martin DB5 to take M to Skyfall, his childhood home in the Scottish Highlands. They meet Skyfall's gamekeeper Kincade, and together the trio set up a series of booby traps throughout the house. When Silva's men arrive, Bond, M, and Kincade kill most of them, but M is wounded. Silva arrives by helicopter with more men and heavy weapons, so Bond sends M and Kincade through a priest hole to hide in a nearby chapel, and rigs propane tanks to explode. As the house and the helicopter are destroyed, Bond escapes down the same tunnel.", "Silva survives the destruction of the house, following Kincade and M to the chapel. Confronting M, Silva forces his gun into her hand and presses his temple to hers, begging her to kill them both. Bond arrives and kills Silva by throwing a knife into his back. M then succumbs to her wounds and dies in Bond's arms.", "Following M's funeral, Moneypenny formally introduces herself to Bond and tells him she is retiring from fieldwork to become secretary for Mallory, the newly appointed M. Bond meets with Mallory, and tells him he is ready to get back to work.", "James Bond and Eve Moneypenny were in Istanbul when Bond was hit by a train.", "The chairman of the Intelligence and Security Committee of Parliament and a former SAS officer pressured her to retire due to the public inquiry into M's handling of the stolen hard drive.", "Bond is unable to stop Patrice from killing a target.", "Silva was able to escape because Q inadvertently gave him access to the MI6 server.", "Instructing Q and Bill to leave an electronic trail for Silva to follow, Bond takes M to Skyfall, his childhood home in the Scottish Highlands.", "Silva tried to kill M and Kincade, but was killed by Bond.", "After M's funeral, Moneypenny introduces herself to Bond and tells him that she is retiring from fieldwork to work for Mallory.", "James Bond and Eve Moneypenny were in Istanbul when Bond was hit by Moneypenny's gun.", "The chairman of the Intelligence and Security Committee of Parliament and a former SAS officer pressured her to retire because of the public inquiry into M's handling of the stolen hard drive.", "Moneypenny joined Bond in his investigation after he was unable to prevent the murder of a target.", "Silva was able to escape because Q accidentally gave him access to the MI6 server.", "Instructing Q and Bill to leave an electronic trail for Silva to follow, Bond uses his car to take M to Skyfall, his childhood home in the Scottish Highlands.", "Silva begged M to kill him and Kincade before Bond killed him.", "After M's funeral, Moneypenny introduces herself to Bond and tells him she is retiring from fieldwork to become the new secretary for Mallory.", "James Bond and Eve Moneypenny were in Istanbul when Bond was hit by Moneypenny's bullet.", "She was pressured to retire by the chairman of the Intelligence and Security Committee of Parliament, a former SAS officer, due to the public inquiry into M's handling of the stolen hard drive.", "Moneypenny joined Bond in his investigation after he was unable to stop the murder of a target.", "Q inadvertently gave Silva access to the MI6 server, allowing him to escape, as part of a plan to kill M.", "Instructing Q and Bill to leave an electronic trail for Silva to follow, Bond used his car to take M to Skyfall, his childhood home in the Scottish Highlands.", "Silva begged M to kill both of them, and Bond killed him.", "After M's funeral, Moneypenny introduces herself to Bond and tells him that she is retiring from fieldwork to become the new secretary for Mallory.", "James Bond and Eve Moneypenny were in Istanbul when Bond was shot by Moneypenny.", "She was pressured to retire by the chairman of the Intelligence and Security Committee of Parliament, a former SAS officer, because of the public inquiry into M's handling of the stolen hard drive.", "Moneypenny joined Bond in his investigation after he was unable to prevent the killing of a target.", "Q inadvertently gave Silva access to the MI6 server, allowing him to escape, as part of a plan to kill him.", "Instructing Q and Bill to leave an electronic trail for Silva to follow, Bond took M to Skyfall, his childhood home in the Scottish Highlands.", "Silva begged M to kill him and Kincade, and he was killed by Bond.", "After M's funeral, Moneypenny introduces herself to Bond and tells him she is retiring from fieldwork to become the new secretary."], "Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle": ["In 1996, Brantford, New Hampshire, teenager Alex Vreeke receives Jumanji, which was previously disposed of by Alan Parrish and Sarah Whittle in 1969, from his father who discovered it at the coast. Uninterested, Alex sets it aside, only to find it transformed into a video game cartridge later that night. Opting to play the game, he is suddenly sucked inside upon choosing a character. His disappearance results in his father becoming despondent and their home falling into disrepair.", "Twenty-one years later in 2017, four Brantford High School students \u2013 awkward Spencer Gilpin, athletic Anthony \"Fridge\" Johnson, ditzy Bethany Walker, and rebellious Martha Kaply \u2013 are sent by Principal Bentley to clean the school's basement for detention \u2013 Bethany for using her phone during a quiz, Martha for insulting the gym teacher, and Spencer and Fridge for the former writing the latter's essay for him. Fridge discovers Alex's discarded video game system, which he and Spencer decide to play and encourage the girls to join them. Upon starting the game, they are sucked into Jumanji, landing in a jungle as their chosen characters \u2013 Spencer as muscular explorer and archaeologist Dr. Xander \"Smolder\" Bravestone, Fridge as diminutive zoologist Franklin \"Mouse\" Finbar, Bethany as male cartographer and paleontologist Professor Sheldon \"Shelly\" Oberon, and Martha as martial arts expert Ruby Roundhouse.", "While coming to terms with their situation, the group find three marks on their arms denoting lives. Spencer theorizes that if they lose all three, they will permanently expire. The group encounter the game's NPC guide Nigel Billingsly, who provides them with the game's narrative and their characters' backstories. The group learn that their goal is to end a curse on Jumanji, brought about by corrupt archaeologist Professor Van Pelt after he stole a magical jewel called the \"Jaguar's Eye\" from its shrine and gained control of all the jungle's animals, casting a terrible curse upon Jumanji. Nigel hands Spencer the jewel, having stolen it from Van Pelt, and before driving off he instructs the group to return it to a statue at the shrine and call out \"Jumanji\" to lift the curse and leave the game.", "Coping with their avatars, their \"weaknesses\", Van Pelt's men, and Spencer and Fridge's animosity towards each other for the former inadvertently costing the latter his place in their school's football team, the group encounter Alex operating the fifth avatar \u2013 pilot Jefferson \"Seaplane\" McDonough \u2013 who takes them to a treehouse that Alan Parrish built during his tenure in Jumanji after saving them from Van Pelt's men. Upon realizing his identity, the group is collectively shocked upon learning how long he has been trapped in the game, although Alex thought he'd only been there a few months. Now with a common goal, the group vows to help Alex return home with them.", "Dealing with further problems while heading for the shrine, the group coordinate to overcome them. They eventually reach the shrine, but Van Pelt corners them. Working together, Fridge, Bethany, and Alex distract him while Spencer and Martha outmaneuver him with the game's mechanics, returning the jewel to the statue. Upon calling out Jumanji, the group destroy Van Pelt and, after sharing a handshake with Nigel, return to the real world.", "Returning to the school basement, the foursome find Alex is not with them. While walking home, they unexpectedly find the Vreeke home restored and decorated for a Christmas family gathering. The group is greeted by Alex, now an adult, who explains that he managed to miraculously return to 1996, which allowed him to lead a married life with two children. He has a son named Andy and his daughter is named after Bethany as a thank you when she revived him with one of her lives in the game. The four students become friends after their experiences in the game, with Bethany becoming a better person, Spencer and Fridge patching things up, and Spencer starting a relationship with Martha. Later, they destroy the game by dropping a bowling ball they found earlier on it to prevent it from endangering anyone else.", "Alex Vreeke received Jumanji in 1996 from his father, who discovered it at the coast in 1969.", "Twenty-one years later, four students from the same high school are sent to clean the school's basement for using their phone during a quiz.", "Spencer theorizes that if they lose all three, they will die.", "Van Pelt's men and Spencer and Fridge's animosity towards each other for the former inadvertently costing the latter his place in their school's football team, the group encounter Alex operating the fifth avatar.", "While heading for the shrine, the group work together to overcome the problems and get to the shrine.", "Alex is not with the group when they return to the school basement and they find the Vreeke home restored and decorated for a Christmas family gathering.", "Alex Vreeke received Jumanji in 1996 from his father who discovered it at the coast, but he didn't want to play the game.", "Twenty-one years later, four students from the same high school are sent to clean the school's basement for using their phones during a quiz.", "Spencer theorizes that if they lose all three, they will permanently expire.", "Van Pelt's men, Spencer and Fridge's animosity towards each other for the former inadvertently costing the latter his place in their school's football team, the group encounter Alex operating the fifth avatar, are all dealing with their \"weaknesses\".", "While heading for the shrine, the group work together to overcome their problems.", "Alex is not with the group when they return to the school basement, and they find the Vreeke home restored and decorated for a Christmas family gathering.", "Alex Vreeke received Jumanji in 1996 from his father, who discovered it at the coast, but he didn't care for it.", "Twenty-one years later, four students from the same high school were sent to clean the school's basement for using their phone during a quiz.", "Spencer theorizes that if they lose all three, they will be permanently expired.", "Van Pelt's men, Spencer and Fridge's animosity towards each other for the former inadvertently costing the latter his place in their school's football team, the group encounter Alex operating the fifth avatar, and the group encounter Jefferson \"Seaplane\".", "While heading for the shrine, the group coordinate to overcome their problems and distract Van Pelt.", "Alex is not with the group when they return to the school basement, but he is with them when they arrive at the Vreeke home.", "Alex Vreeke received Jumanji in 1996 from his father, who discovered it at the coast, but he didn't want to play the game.", "Twenty-one years later, four students from the same high school were sent to clean the school's basement for using their phones during a quiz.", "Spencer theorizes that if they lose all three, they'll be gone forever.", "Van Pelt's men, Spencer and Fridge's animosity towards each other for the former inadvertently costing the latter his place in their school's football team, the group encounter Alex operating the fifth avatar, are all dealing with their \"weaknesses\"", "While heading for the shrine, the group work together to overcome their problems, but Van Pelt tries to stop them.", "Alex is not with the group when they return to the school basement, but they find the Vreeke home restored and decorated for a Christmas family gathering."]}